---
layout: daily
category: daily
date: 2022-12-26
tags: 
published: true
---

# 2022-12-26 - thoughts on copyright and coercion 

to Copyright your art is to directly associate that work with the coercive threat of the law. You as an artist must accept the validity of state-sponsored violence- against those who "infringe" on your concepts (intangible property).

it is unethical to enforce intellectual property as a valid property. you may leverage the system defensively to avoid abuses of the broken Copyright system against yourself, but in-general I highly suggest to avoid associating your work with it. doing so will bring nothing but negative karma to your muses. the act of copyrighting distorts and taints any work it's applied to. 

if you wish to protect the provenance of ownership of your created works, there are much better ways of doing it in 2022. You can tie your work to assets on blockchains, or take advantage of decentralized hosting methods such as IPFS or Arweave. 

if you truly wish to prevent your work from being copied. Don't show it to anyone. Definitely don't post it online. Who knows how they might deface your precious idea, especially the AI. 

all work created should have a radically permissive & open-sourced approach. it enables the true beauty of chaotic creation and iteration without fear of coercion (violence). it allows people to come together and spontaneously innovate. this shared act of open collaboration creates order, while promoting balance and harmony. 
